MOVIE TITLE: The Rule of the Game
SUMMARY: The Rule of the Game is a 2002 Taiwanese black comedy film directed by Ho Ping and written by Kuo Cheng. The film focuses on a bunch of criminals  and murderers whose paths crisscross in a small suburban town.
According to director Ho Ping, "this movie is about destiny and irony of my generation in Taiwan".
------------------------------

MOVIE TITLE: Killer of Sheep
SUMMARY: Killer of Sheep is a 1978 American drama film edited, filmed, written, produced, and directed by Charles Burnett. Shot primarily in 1972 and 1973, it was originally submitted by Burnett to the UCLA School of Film in 1977 as his Master of Fine Arts thesis. 
The film depicts the daily life of Stan, a weary slaughterhouse worker struggling to maintain his humanity while providing for his family amidst the poverty of 1970s Watts. Rather than following a traditional linear plot, Killer of Sheep is composed of a series of vignettes that capture the rhythms of working-class life, childhood innocence, and the systemic frustrations of the urban environment. Critic Dana Stevens described its plot as "a collection of brief vignettes which are so loosely connected that it feels at times like you're watching a non-narrative film." 
Shot in black and white, the film’s style is often likened to Italian neorealism. There are no acts, plot arcs or character development, as conventionally defined. The cast consists mainly of non-professional performers, including many children.
The film offers a vision of Watts of the early 1970s that is quite different from the Watts of several decades later. Filmed at the tail end of the Great Migration of blacks fleeing the South, most of the characters were either born in the South or their parents were (Burnett himself was born in Mississippi). Multiple references to Southern culture are made in the film.
Killer of Sheep premiered at the Whitney Museum of
------------------------------

MOVIE TITLE: Stranger Than Paradise
SUMMARY: Stranger Than Paradise is a 1984 American black-and-white absurdist deadpan comedy film directed, co-written and co-edited by Jim Jarmusch, and starring jazz musician John Lurie, former Sonic Youth drummer-turned-actor Richard Edson, and Hungarian-born actress and violinist Eszter Balint. It features a minimalist plot in which the main character, Willie, is visited by Eva, his cousin from Hungary. Eva stays with him for ten days before going to Cleveland. Willie and his friend Eddie go to Cleveland to visit her, and the three then take a trip to Florida. The film is shot entirely in single long takes with no standard coverage.
------------------------------

MOVIE TITLE: Vitalina Varela
SUMMARY: Vitalina Varela is a 2019 Portuguese drama directed by acclaimed director Pedro Costa. It won the Golden Leopard and Best Actress Award at the 2019 Locarno Film Festival. The film follows Vitalina Varela, a character who previously appeared in Pedro Costa's Horse Money. 
It was selected as the Portuguese entry for Best International Feature Film at the 93rd Academy Awards after Portugal's first entry, Listen, was disqualified.
------------------------------

